# Queensland Government QChat

Below are the updates for the Queensland Government QChat Virtual Assistant.

## 🤝 Join the Qld Gov AI Community of Practice

- If you are a technical or business staff member working on AI Projects, you can click [here](https://forms.office.com/r/YZzMFLexPK) to request to join the Queensland Government AI Community of Practice. This platform is designed to facilitate knowledge sharing and collaboration among AI professionals within the government.

## ⤴ Version 1.4.5 Updates - 22 MAY 2024

- **System Changes:** We've introduced a number of system side changes to improve your experience.

## 🎨 Version 1.4.4 Updates - 11 MAY 2024

- **Design Changes:** We've updated more design changes to align to the Queensland Government Design System, check it out [here](https://www.design-system.health.qld.gov.au)

## ⌨️ Version 1.4.3 Updates - 7 MAY 2024

- **Text Area and Design Changes:** We've updated the size of the text area when chatting with QChat and made it resizable. We've also incorporated some design changes to align to the Queensland Government Design System.

## 🐞 Version 1.4.2 Updates - 1 MAY 2024

- **Bugfixes and Support Upgrades:** We have added some minor bugfixes to the platform to keep it in tip top shape.

## 📝 Version 1.4.1 Updates - 26 APR 2024

- **Display Flesch-Kincaid Score Level Feature:** A new feature was introduced to calculate the readability scores, which reflects the education grade level required to comprehend the text. The Flesch-Kincaid Score below shows how easy or difficult it is to understand the writing. The higher the score, the more difficult it is to read. Aim for a score near 8 to make sure most people find the message clear. This includes younger readers and those who are still learning English. You can click [here](https://www.forgov.qld.gov.au/pay-benefits-and-policy/culture-and-inclusion/workplace-inclusion-and-diversity/build-accessible,-inclusive-and-diverse-workplaces#Expand-your-inclusive-language-vocabulary) for more information on writing inclusive communications and campaigns from the Public Sector Commission.

## ☎️ Version 1.4.0 Updates - 25 APR 2024

- **New User and Department Context Settings:** Behind the scenes we're preparing QChat to take your own personal User Context Prompt - where you can provide information for QChat to use in every conversation. We can't wait to release this functionality for you shorlty.

- **Call Transcription Updates:** We've introduced a new interface for our call transcription test cases, now you will be able to toggle between asking QChat questions about the call transcriptions and reviewing or downloading the call transcript.

## 👨🏻‍💻 Version 1.3.8 Updates - 15 APR 2024

- **Minor Software Changes:** This update has some security enhancements to keep QChat secure and ready to assist you!

## 🛡️ Version 1.3.7 Updates - 12 APR 2024

- **Enhanced Content Safety Measures:** This update introduces significant improvements to our content safety protocols. QChat will now more effectively identify messages that potentially breach our content safety guidelines. Such messages will be flagged with a clear warning. Furthermore, if three messages in a conversation are flagged for content safety violations, the ongoing conversation will be locked to prevent the exchange of new messages. We encourage users to make use of the feedback options provided if they encounter any messages that they believe should have been flagged but were not. This helps us continually refine and enhance our content safety measures.

## 🆕 Version 1.3.5 Updates - 5 APR 2024

- **Display Name Context:** Since version 1.3.5, QChat now has access to your Display Name as additional context when responding to you. This enhancement aims to personalise your interaction with QChat further.

## ✨ New Features

- **Copy Chat to Clipboard & Export Documents:** You can now easily copy your chat to the clipboard or export it as a document for your records. These options are available next to the text input bar in the chat interface.
- **Watermarking:** Please note that text copied from QChat has watermarking. It indicates "Text generated by QChat," and for code, it says "Code Language generated by QChat," with the note being commented out. This feature helps identify the source of the information for reference and integrity.

## 🚀 UI and Accessibility Improvements

- Significant UI and accessibility changes have been made to ensure a more user-friendly and inclusive experience for all users. These improvements aim to enhance navigation, readability, and overall interaction with QChat.

## Version 1.0.1 Updates 23 FEB 2024

### 📂 Chat with File & 🔑 Important Note

- **Chat with File (Updated Instructions):** The "Chat with file" feature allows you to upload documents directly into your chat for version 1.0.1. Please select the document icon, choose your file, click 'Upload', and ensure you complete the upload process before sending your message. This feature supports uploading files to existing chats, enabling multiple file interactions within a single chat session. Citations within responses are visible, and you can click on them for related context.

- **Important Note:** A new **Sensitivity Selector** has been introduced to help categorise the sensitivity of the information in your documents. Despite this feature, remember that Protected Information should not be uploaded at any time.

Stay updated with QChat for more features and enhancements designed to make your experience as efficient and helpful as possible.
